so it starts way up in the north at
Winterfell it's a cold place where Lord
Ned Stark is in command he's the guy
who's all like winter is coming now this
is his wife Catelyn Stark is the eldest
son Robb Stark started Sansa's pretty
bran likes to climb things Arya is a
tomboy this one doesn't matter
Jon Snow is his bastard child no one
likes bastards now they all get wolf
puppies by the way super cute this is
the capital King's Landing where the
hand of the Kings like the second in
command he just died so fat King Robb
wrothians like yo Ned be my new hand to
the king now there are old friends
so they hug it out this is Cersei
Lannister the Queen the Lannisters of
the richest family in the land she's a
big [ __ ] though they're a twin brother
Jaime Lannister who's really handsome
here's the Prince Joffrey they're gonna
marry him off to Sansa
but he's a huge douche so he gets
slapped around by his uncle Tyrion who's
a dwarf he likes beer he likes boobs
now speaking of boobs across the sea
this is Darren Aerys Targaryen the
Targaryen were kings for hundreds of
years until then current king Rob just
rebelled that's her brother now she
undresses her which is not the most
incestuous thing you will see today see
he was gonna marry her off to called
rogue with a horse barbarian in exchange
her army to go back and conquer the
realm so they get married they call her
Khaleesi and this is why because he's
the call so she's the Khaleesi she gets
some dragon eggs as a gift because
Targaryen love dragons they used to have
them but they're extinct so these
definitely won't patch back in
Winterfell cat gets a letter from her
sister who is the wife of the recently
deceased hand and she says the
Lannisters murdered him so brain goes
climbing turns out the Lannister twins
are having some incest sex like I told
you so Jaime pushes him out the window
which is a hugely dick move but he
survives so everyone's gonna leave Jon
Snow's like your dad who's my mom by the
way and Ned's like yo bro it's way too
early in the series for me to tell you
that so Jon goes off to join the Nights
Watch with his uncle Benjen they guard
the wall from what's on the other side
so it's just like wild in barbarians and
also ice zombies totally mythical though
tyrion comes for fun so everyone else is
going down south to the capital census
on date with Joffrey's going great until
our yz-plane sticks with the butcher's
boy so Joffrey's being a dick so Aria
slaps him of the stick and his wife
bites his arm he cries like a [ __ ] so
his mom's all like look you gotta kill
that wolf but Aria central wolf away
already
so the kill Sansa's wolf instead which
is so sad and you really hate these two
now bran who's still in a coma but this
assassin shows up and he's got a dagger
he's like I'll kill him but the wolf
saves his life they're like this are
really nice dagger she's like I bet it's
the Lannisters
so she goes to find out when Ned arrives
in the capital sits bearish they called
the Spyder he's the master of whisperers
so he knows everything he's a eunuch
though so he has no balls maybe no dick
this is
Petyr Baelish they call
he's a master of coin he's been lovin as
web cat forever this elder guy doesn't
matter cat arrives and things she's like
yellow old friend little finger help me
find out who's mur trying to murder my
son they're like oh this is Tyrion
Lannister's dagger she's like I knew it
was the Lannisters so she goes home
checking in with the kids arya got a
sword from Jon Snow before they left she
named it needle and he was like sticking
with the pointy end which is pretty good
advice but she decides to get real sword
lessons from this guy cereal he's like
what do we say to the god of death not
today now bran wakes up from his coma
seven sketchy dreams about a three-eyed
Raven and he's paralyzed from the waist
down so he has to be carried by this big
[ __ ] guy Hodor who can only say his
own name so brands out riding in his
handicap saddle and he's ambushed by
wildlings who happen to be there but
he's saved by Theon Greyjoy now beyond
the creatures are the Lords of the Iron
Islands and they rebelled many years
back they're like pirate people and so
he's here as a hostage who's raised by
that starts essentially those one of his
own son and they captured this wild in
girl ahsha who doesn't come back to much
later so this is Sandra Cole gang they
call him the hound he's Joffrey party
guard and here's his brother they come
the mountain cuz he's the biggest guy
around he's got a burnt face cuz he
burned them so they hate each other and
this guy's really big by the way cuts
his head off his horse for some reason
that will come back later speaking of
horses across the seat Khal Drogo was
just partying up barbarian style this
guy's like you let's go conquer he's
like here's your crown molten gold on
the head so this guy's dead like before
we even did anything he was a dick he
having rabies sex with Khaleesi but then
this scene happened where she teaches
her how to have like really good sex and
then have really good sex and they fall
in love and she gets pregnant so king
fat King Robb is all I kill we got a
killer because he was in love with Ned's
sister Lyanna stark who was captured by
the old Targaryen Prince Rhaegar and
that's why he rebelled in the first
place but she died anyway so Varys is
like I got a guy over there who can help
us out he's in with Lisa this is Jorah
Mormont he's an exiled light but the
problem is he sort of has this huge
crush on her now that he's met her so
when the order comes in that they're
gonna have her assassinated he's all I
kill wine guy you drink that wine it's
like I know it's poison okay so they
stopped him and called Roby's like oh
they try to kill you my moon and stars
like I will cross the sea with my horse
and kill them all and rape their women
so that's their plan
Tyrion at the wall he pisses off and
he's like by Jon Snow didn't wash his
hand by the way he's going back down
south stops at this in Catelyn Stark
happens to be there she's like go arrest
this man you tried to kill my son so
everyone's like yeah we got it they're
gonna take him over to her sister's
place in the big mountain Castle now our
sisters got problems she's still
breastfeeding her son even though he's
way too old for that a lot of weird
stuff going on in the show then we might
still gonna try Tyrion and throw him
down the hole but it's just gonna be a
sham trial so he's like got demand trial
by combat of course he can't fight so
this guy's like I'll fight for you
this is Bronn he's the sell sword that
was on the road with them so he knows
Tyrians rich that's why I'll fight for
him and so he dispatches this guy
easily because he's really good at
killing people and by the laws of the
realm if you win trial by combat you are
proven innocent but they don't know that
here so Jamie's like yo Ned Stark give
me my brother back and they have this
awesome duel because they're two of the
best sword fighters in the realm and
it's going really sweet till this random
guard stabs him in the leg
she's a hugely dick move if you're
having an awesome duel it's the Kings
like wait a minute why are you guys
fighting I just like to get drunk like
I'm gonna go hunting you run the realm
she's running the round turns out the
mountain cut the head off the horse he's
been raping everyone in the countryside
now he's a Bannerman for the Lannisters
and Sinead's like oh I see what's going
on here bring him to justice he says
this got beric Dondarrion none of this
matters though until like season two or
three I forget so Ned gets busy
researching the murder of the last hand
of King with little fingers help so the
last hand was researching backing Rob's
bastard children this is one he's a
blacksmith Gendry he's got really black
hair the hand was also reading this big
book on the lineages and turns out every
Baratheon ever I said super black hair
he's like wait a minute I'm seeing a
thing here why is Joffrey blonde incest
he tells Cersei about it and she's like
honestly why would you tell me like if
you play the game of Thrones you win or
you die so he goes to tell the king but
he doesn't because the King's been
mortally wounded in a hunting accident a
hunting accident so who's next in line
besides Joffrey well the Kings have a
younger brother of Renly Baratheon this
is the knight of the flowers which is a
pretty gay name and they are in fact gay
for each other so he's like yo Ned
forget Joffrey forget my older brother
Stannis that he has no one likes make me
King but Ned won't hear it because he's
super honorable so it's like look
Littlefinger I'm gonna try put Stannis
on the throne but Cersei coupie have
Joffrey so I need the City Guard on my
side and you have the money you got me
he's like I got your back bro so he goes
up here why Joffrey's on the throne he's
like look you're not the real King
Joffrey's like Mirror I'm gonna do just
go off with their heads
he's like okay guards like take him into
custody here they're like we got you and
then they're like psych Ned Stark who
killing your own guards he's like wait
what happened haha I've been in love
with your wife all along you shouldn't
have trusted me so Rob gets a note of
this he's like oh my dad's for treason
call the banners the north goes to war
so they march down they run into his mom
by the way who I guess was like nearby
on the roads and they have to cross this
river if they're gonna go her old man
Frey lives now he's a big pervy guy he's
got a 15 year old wife slapped on the
body he's like look I'll let you cross
but you got to marry one of my daughters
by the way they're all ugly Rob I'm
sorry you get to deal with that a future
season though so this is the Lannister
war camp where we meet big bad daddy
Tywin Lannister he's skinning a deer and
he's like yo Jaime I you take one army
that way I'll take the other one this
way we'll beat Robb Stark no problem so
Tyrians on his way home with Brom
maramures my
mountain men but he talked his way out
of it cuz he's really funny and promises
bold and this guy's like we shall follow
the half man so he brings him back to
the Lannister camp when he sais to get
his dick wet
this is hot horse Shane and Tyrion tells
his tragic backstory of how he was in
love once with a girl and they got
married but turns out she was just a
[ __ ] that his brother Jaime paid and
didn't tell him and so his dad made the
entire barracks have sex with her in
front of him to teach him a lesson about
[ __ ] so it was pretty scarring for
life so he goes off to battle and we're
gonna have this awesome battle we get us
knocked out immediately and misses the
whole thing he's like well did we win at
least and his dad's like well yeah we
won but there were only a few North in
here where was Rob's army they went the
other way they ambushed Jaime's army and
took him prisoner up at the wall with
the Nights Watch
John is graduating from where black
school he's made one friend with this
fat guy Sam so they've got this sort of
like Frodo Sam thing going on they take
their oath in front of a tree because
they love trees in the north and the
commanders like by the way Rob your
dad's in prison for treason and your
brothers marching to war so he goes down
to save them but they're like look to
your brother of the Nights Watch now you
got to stay up here and defend the realm
from what well as Uncle Benjen was
ranging and his horse comes back without
him it's like where's Uncle Benjen
what's going on out there so they go
searching they find the other Rangers
dead bodies and they come back to life
as I saw bees so luckily play Pokemon
they use fire superfecta against ice and
zombie so he winced as a quest reward he
gets the super magic sword called
Longclaw and it's a bastard sword which
is good because he's a bastard so
Khaleesi over here is on the warpath
with Khal Drogo they're raping everyone
she's like look make him stop raping so
he forces them to stop and this guy's
like yo your [ __ ] made me stop raping
Khal Drogo's like you did challenge me I
will rip out your tongue with my bare
hands and he's like well don't worry
about this tis but a scratch and this
chicks like look you saved me and I'm a
healer so I'll I'll help you but it
doesn't matter because you like passes
out off as poor so he's got blood
poisoning well there's one thing I can
do to save him but it's this super
sketchy blood magic ritual and they're
like well if it'll save him let's try it
but Khaleesi goes into labor and she's
like oh my god delivered the baby but
it's blood magic it's stillborn I lost
the baby
at least called Troma's Kano he's a
vegetable I did this on purpose Kelis is
really unhappy so she decides the pillow
recall because this is no fit life for a
call arya they come for her when they
capture Ned Stark but her masters got a
wooden sword he beats all these guys
does that much about us but this guy
will probably actually kill him sorry he
runs away and she goes to the trial of
her dad where they're like okay look
we'll let you off with just banishment
if you admit and confess your treason
and that Joffrey's the true king because
we just want to end the war and then
would never do that because he's so poor
honorable but he decides the same his
family's life so the confessions like
yeah Joffrey's
Jeffery's like you know i'm a douche off
with his head anyway no Ned Stark that's
the big moment so they get word of this
up in the north and they're like okay
both of the old king's brothers Stannis
and Renly are vying for the throne which
one should we you know claim for and
they're like no King in the north
and it's like yeah rap star I'll be king
of north so it's very cool for the north
talans like look we've got to control
this Joffrey kiddin could have ended the
war if he wasn't such a douche they made
me head to the king but I'm gonna send
you Tyrion to go manage him because you
know you can by the way when you go
don't bring your [ __ ] because I have
some sort of issue with horse but it's
like you know whatever dad I'm gonna
bring my horse
Sansa by the way still engaged to
Joffrey she's sort of like the hostage
here and you know he's awful to her so
sucks for her Arya meets this guy who's
like a friend of the family with the
Nights Watch she cuts off her hair
though Scotsman's a boy I'll take her up
north with him this is Gendry the old
kings bastard he's coming with them for
some reason now up at the wall the
Nights Watch is like okay it's Ami's
existing better take all of our torches
and go down so that's Jon Snow's plan
now they're gonna burn Khal Drogo they
put the dragon eggs on the pyre see
Targaryen have this whole thing with
fire and Dragons so she walks right into
the flames because she's crazy
but she's right actually she doesn't
burn and the dragon eggs hatch so now
she's naked
she's got dragons it's like whoa mind
blown and that's how season 1 comes to
an end
[Music]